adds monocam x500 (#2987)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/sim_gazebo_gz/vehicles.md

![x500 with depth camera in Gazebo](../../assets/simulation/gazebo/vehicles/x500_depth.png)

### X500 Quadrotor with Monocular Camera

> This models has a simple monocular camera sensor attached (there is no physical camera visualization on the model itself).

Reviewer: So essentially a model you can use to stream video from the model into QGC?

Author: @hamishwillee This is not yet available for QGC. Camera manager and GST plugin that were available in Gazebo-classic are not yet present here. I was working on this about a month ago but got sidetracked. I am looking to get back to it when I find the time.

Reviewer: Cool. I've merged the note and will now merge this. Thanks for your patience!

![x500 with depth camera in Gazebo](../../assets/simulation/gazebo/vehicles/x500_depth.png)

### X500 Quadrotor with Monocular Camera

This models has a simple monocular camera sensor attached (there is no physical camera visualization on the model itself).

```sh
make px4_sitl gz_x500_mono_cam
```

:::note

> (18.12.2023) To enjoy the full functionality of the camera, a camera manager and ideally a GST plugin need to be provided. This is currently not available, but an [issue](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/issues/22563) has been opened to request these features.

Reviewer: I think we need to be more direct. How about this? Note, they can follow the link to find out how old the issue is and what work needs to be done. Here I just want them to know that using this is not enough to enable the use cases you'd imagine it would enable.

```suggestion
The camera cannot yet be used to stream video or for image capture in QGroundControl.
[PX4-Autopilot#22563](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/issues/22563) can be used to track the additional work needed to fully enable these use cases.
```

Reviewer: I'm assuming you are happy with this!
